Added new folder docs with config-options description on options. (#370)
hound-search/hound: README.md

}
```

> complete list of available config options can be found under [config-options](docs/config-options.md).  

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
A complete list of available config options can be found [here](docs/config-options.md).  
```
